KAI: On March 26, 1997,
acting on an anonymous tip,
police found the bodies of 39 members
of the Heaven's Gate cult.
They had committed suicide
by ingesting a poisonous mix
of pudding, apple sauce and phenobarbital.
What only they knew,
because only they had been blessed
by their leader
with his bomb of knowledge,
was that they weren't killing themselves.
They were just leaving
the vehicles of their bodies
and graduating to the next level.
A comet had returned,
one with an orbital period of 2,500 years,
and in its tail was a spacecraft.
Once the members left their bodies,
they could get a ticket
to ride on the ship
and leave this earthly shithole forever.
Isn't that cool?
Many of the lucky bastards
had themselves voluntarily
castrated in Mexico.
They had been taught by their leader,
Marshall Applewhite,
aka Do, to forgo any earthly pleasures.
Human behavior...
Sex, gourmet cheese, dogs, the Beatles.
These were all distractions
that would do nothing
but keep them trapped
in their antiquated flesh vehicles.
...unless you leave the human world
that you're in
and come and follow me.
KAI: It makes total sense
when you think about it.
Time is short.
Last chance.
KAI: Is it any wonder
that the federal government,
led by Democratic President Bill Clinton,
had to try to take down David Koresh?
Koresh was blessed
with the gift of prophecy
when he was a young man.
God revealed himself to young David,
told David that his ideas
and sperm would have
great power and influence.
Zephaniah says, "He will not do iniquity.
He will bring forth His..."
KAI: He collected
a loyal group of followers.
He became the leader
of the Branch Davidians.
They understood
that he was the chosen one,
that his sermons were more than words.
They were the secrets they needed
to enter the Kingdom of Heaven.
He dissolved all marriages
amongst his followers.
Men had to be celibate.
He was the true savior,
and it made sense for him
to father all of the children
and repopulate the planet.
He had divine semen.
Holy ejaculate.
God's own DNA shot from his mighty prick.
KORESH: Don't you understand?
This is my family. I would never
let you take my family from me.
You come to my door,
pointing guns at my wives and my kids,
I will meet you at the door any time.
KAI: When the government came
to arrest Koresh and his followers
for legally collecting guns and ammo,
some left the compound,
but the true believers stayed behind.
They refused to leave their father.
And why should they?
They had listened to his holy teachings.
The Lord is my shepherd,
and I shall not fear.
KAI: They knew that
there was greater glory
in crossing the threshold into death
with their leader
than staying behind and being slaves
in a lost and broken world.
(GUNSHOTS)
Seventy-nine men and women
died either by gunshot or in the fire.
Sucks.
(GUNSHOT)
(HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING)
But the Kanye of leaders
was the great Jim Jones,
the man who coined the phrase
"drink the Kool-Aid."
He founded the Peoples Temple.
It was a beautiful rainbow.
They saw no race or class or sex.
He moved his entire congregation,
over a thousand people,
to Guyana with the plan
of creating a utopia.
But it all fell apart.
He was betrayed by his own.
They invited a congressman
to inspect their private heaven.
He didn't understand.
He tried to destroy the perfect world
Jones had created.
So Jones had to have him killed.
He had no choice.
But once that seal was broken,
there was no going back.
He had to end it all.
And 918 of his loyal parishioners
were more than happy
to follow him anywhere,
even to the other side.
If we can't live in peace,
then let's die in peace.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
-How very much I've loved you.
-MAN: Love you, too, Dad. Yeah!
How very much I've tried
to give you the good life.
But, in spite of all my triumphs,
in my opinion that
you be kind to your children
and be kind to the seniors
and take the potion
like they used to take in ancient Greece
and step over quietly,
-because we are not committing suicide.
-(PEOPLE CHOKING)
It's a revolutionary act.
-(CRYING, COUGHING)
-You bet your life,
-you bet your life.
-(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
And to me, death is not a fearful thing,
-it's the living that's fearful.
-(PEOPLE COUGHING)
Mother, please,
can somebody show these children
to the relaxation of stepping over
to the next plane?
All they're doing is taking a drink
to go to sleep.
That's all death is. It's sleep.
Stop this crying and hysterics!
-(GUNSHOT)
-Die with a degree of dignity.
-Don't die with tears and agony.
Quickly, quickly, quickly,
quickly, quickly, my children.
God Almighty, God Almighty.
-(PEOPLE SHOUTING)
-(SIGHS)
These were great men.
All of them.
Do you understand
why I'm telling you about them?
You want us to see how you're like them?
That's right, Pus Bucket.
But I also want you to see
that it's easy to get men to kill for you.
Any asshole with enough money
or a rank in the army
can get men to do that.
Real power
is having people loyal enough to you
that, if you ask them to,
they will kill themselves.
They will override
their natural survival instinct
in service of your needs and will.
Wait, are we a cult?
I thought we were a political movement.
All politics is a personality
cult now, Heart Attack.
(SIGHS)
You don't have to raise your hand, Tripod.
(CHUCKLING)
I know we're not supposed
to jerk our meat, but...
are you gonna make us cut off our balls
like that Hale-Bopp guy?
Would you, if I asked you to?
I totally would!
Fuck it. (CHUCKLES)
Whatever you fucking want, Kai.
I don't want that, Speed Wagon.
Even if he's not jizzing,
a man needs his balls
to produce testosterone
to make him strong and aggressive.
But what if I asked you
to make the ultimate sacrifice?
Would you do that for me, Speed Wagon?
With a fucking smile.
How 'bout the rest of you?
Sandstorm? Gutterball?
-Yes.
(EXHALES)
Thank you all for your loyalty.
'Cause things are about to change.
We are expanding, brothers.
Our ambitious, nation-saving agenda
is headed to the next level,
and it's gonna take
even more courage and focus
and, most of all, loyalty
to navigate these stormy waters ahead.
GUTTERBALL: What's gonna happen?
You'll find out
at the council meeting on Monday.
Get some rest.
(GRUNTING)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
The left-wing propagandists
at CNN and NBC have polluted
our discourse with fake news.
Pornography has desensitized
our young men.
We've lost a generation of moms
to Candy Crush!
This can't go unchecked.
I don't doubt
your good intentions, Councilman,
but banning our citizens from accessing
a list of websites that
you personally deem offensive,
what you're proposing is censorship.
It's not censorship, it's regulation.
It's about protecting the people
from cultural decay.
And connecting every computer
in town to a private network.
-The cost alone...
-Why don't we ask
your colleagues about their
feelings on this matter, Perry?
Councilman Moyer?
You've been silent all day.
I think it's a fantastic idea, sir.
KAI: Good.
All in favor of the Kai Anderson
Internet Freedom and Integrity Act?
The motion passes.
(CHEERING)
Finally, finally,
I'd like to make a statement.
Tonight, I'm announcing to you,
my loyal constituents,
that I intend to run for
United States Senate in 2018.
We need fresh representation
in Washington,
and I believe I am the man for the job.
(CHEERING)
-(WHOOPING)
-Yeah!
Councilman.
Councilman, the senator up for reelection
is a popular incumbent
who's served for three terms.
Anything can happen, Perry.
SPEEDWAGON:
That was amazing, Divine Ruler.
-Thank you. Where are our women?
-I don't know.
We told them about the meeting.
They should be here.
I'm not feeling love from them,
Speed Wagon. Or loyalty.
ALLY: I need to know why.
I need to know.
I want a fucking explanation.
Why did you join a cult?
Why did you destroy our family?
-Why?
-(GASPS)
You were... you were a mess,
and The Butchery was ten times more work
than we thought it would be
for half the reward.
I just... I... I felt...
I felt like I was out of control,
like there was no boundary or structure
to contain me or my feelings, and...
I wanted someone to come in and say,
"Do this. Go there.
"Believe in this. Care about that."
A daddy?
-(SIGHS)
-I guess, yeah.
It felt so good
to take my hands off the wheel.
And I...
am sorry, but I hated you.
Or... or I...
I was so... I was so angry at you
that I thought I hated you.
And in my head,
I told myself,
if the price that I have to pay
for this feeling of relief was...
destroying you, then... then why not?
People died, Ivy.
Because of you.
I know.
I know. I know. (SOBS)
Oh, God. I don't know
how I could have been so stupid
and so weak.
I don't know. I'm so sorry, Ally.
And now I see him for what he is.
He's a demagogue and a manipulator and...
everything he touches dies.
But I was leaving. I was done.
I was on my way out.
So you have to explain to me,
why did you become a part
of this insanity?
What choice did you give me?
You wouldn't talk to me.
You wouldn't let me see our son.
I knew you would never leave
unless I got you out.
You came back for me?
I came back for Oz.
And for our family.
I'm not saying if we get out of this
that we're gonna be together.
But if we can escape,
I am not leaving Oz's mother behind.
(DOOR LATCH CLICKS)
Mom?
Hey. It's okay, buddy. She...
Hey, Ozymandius.
Can you give your mama a hug?
I'm sure you're feeling confused.
You've probably heard some strange things
about me from your mom,
and... maybe others.
But I am never going to leave
you ever again.
And it's going to take some time,
but I promise it will feel easy and normal
before you know it. Okay?
Okay.
Would you just go upstairs for a minute
so the grownups can talk?
And, um...
I got you something.
-But that has a clown on it.
-ALLY: Of course it does.
Twisty's the title character.
Who else are they gonna put on the cover?
Come on. I'll be up in a minute.
Go read it.
-Mama?
-Yeah?
I missed you.
I missed you, too, sweetheart.
Hey.
You look good.
I'm really sorry.
For what?
Fucking my wife...
trying to drive me crazy,
or trying to kill me?
WINTER: Everything.
I was an idiot.
We all were.
The election made me lose my mind.
I didn't believe in anything anymore,
except that my brother loved me
and would take care of me no matter what.
The world decided
to take a huge shit on my head,
so I said fuck the world.
All I need is my family.
But then he killed our brother.
Vince was an asshole,
but he was one of us.
Kai doesn't care about me.
He doesn't care about anyone.
We have to run away.
It's the only way.
I found this on wikiHow.
"How to escape from a cult."
They lay out 14 steps, it's all in there.
We have to pack lightly
and get out as quickly as we can.
-And go where?
-WINTER: Anywhere.
We just have to go now.
If Kai finds out we're even
thinking about this,
we'll be killed
or put in the hole like Beverly.
Okay, let's go.
But no packing.
-I'll get Oz.
-I will fucking get Oz.
(LOUD POUNDING ON DOOR)
PUS BUCKET:
Open up! I know you're in there!
(POUNDING CONTINUES)
(POUNDING LOUDER)
Emergency meeting at Divine Ruler's.
What are you bitches up to in here?
Just a little girl time.
Talking cookie recipes and boys.
Fuck you, liar.
Let's go.
And bring the kid.
Kai said he could watch cartoons
upstairs while we meet.
Let's go!
What are they doing up there? Maybe Kai...
Not now.
Let's stop talking in this house.
(DOOR OPENS)
BEVERLY: You lying bitch!
I'm gonna kill you!
(YELLS)
-Hey!
-Get the fuck off!
-Get off of me!
Get her off! Get off of her!
-Come on!
-(ALL SHOUTING)
Stop this nonsense.
I hate you!
Hey, get off of me! Get the...
-(GRUNTING)
-KAI: Disloyalty,
lies, backstabbing.
That is what politics as usual looks like.
Fighting ourselves.
We need to get beyond
that petty shit and reach a new threshold
to enter the power space.
What is that?
We need to do something radical.
Jim Jones said...
Oh, my...
"Death is not a fearful thing.
It's the living that's cursed."
Jesus, Kai.
Who the hell is Jim Jones?
He made his followers
drink poisoned Kool-Aid.
Please, Kai. You can't do this.
Oz needs his mothers.
ALLY: You need us.
You want to get to the next level,
you need more than ass-sucking sycophants.
All he needs are his loyal followers.
KAI: That's right, Gary.
Fidelity to the cause
is the backbone of our movement.
But it's time to remove ourselves
from the shackles of our bodies.
That's why this Kool-Aid
isn't just for the women.
It's for all of us.
Our bodies are holding us back.
All they do is create pain and suffering.
In order to transcend biology
and be reborn into astral beings,
we need to kill our physical selves.
We will resurrect from
the instant of death into a greater being
and come back for my senatorial run
more powerful than we can imagine.
(SIGHS)
Everybody take a cup.
When I point to you, you drink.
Fuck yeah. It's a good day to die.
Gary, make sure the ladies have a drink.
I...
(WHISPERS) We have to do it.
Pus Bucket. My man!
Do us the honor.
-Drink!
-I can't!
(BREATH TREMBLING)
I'm... I'm not gonna do it.
No. I'm out of this thing.
I... I don't want to be an astral being.
Gary, he showed his true colors.
(SIGHS)
Please, Kai! Please!
Now the womenses...
BEVERLY: Kai, please.
Oh, God. Oh, God.
-Beverly, don't do it.
-Bev... Beverly, don't.
No.
ALLY: (WAILING) No. No, no, no.
KAI: This is not suicide.
It's a revolutionary act.
The world
will be talking about us forever.
(GASPS)
You said we would always
take care of each other.
You're not doing anything I wouldn't.
Boys!
(MEN SCREAMING)
(SCREAMING CONTINUES)
MAN: Yeah!
Oh...
Do you feel it?
MEN: Yeah!
The corrosive agent,
the blood pouring from your throat?
I think I just shit my pants.
No, that's your colitis.
Why would I kill us?
-I'm running for Senate.
-(MAN CHUCKLES)
And dead people can't vote.
Except in Chicago.
(MEN LAUGHING)
There was nothing in the Kool-Aid!
-(MEN SHOUTING, WHOOPING)
-Yeah!
Nothing except the proof
that we are all in this together,
that we are loyal to the end,
that we would die for one another.
We are the few, the happy few,
the band of brothers and sisters.
We live and fight another day.
MEN: (CHANTING) Kai! Kai! Kai!
(BEVERLY WAILING)
I've got our passports
and Ozzie's birth certificate.
Jesus, Ivy, no suitcases.
What if they're watching the house?
Can't look like we're doing
what we're doing.
We're really doing this?
Walking away from our whole life?
We're not walking.
We're running.
Next time
it might not just be sugar water.
What about Winter?
Really, Ivy?
No, I... I just meant...
I... I didn't mean...
What about the bank accounts?
Uh, I went online, transferred everything
to the checking just like we discussed.
Good.
We can drain it as we go,
convert it to cash.
Nothing electronic is safe.
Ozzie gets out of school
in less than an hour.
We pick him up and we don't look back.
Keep the car running.
(SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
He's not here!
What?
-Someone picked him up 30 minutes ago.
-Who?
Our nanny.
And she wasn't alone.
Oh, God.
-Sh... Sh...
-Yeah.
Where are my mommies?
I'm sure they'll be here soon.
I got all sorts of games down here.
Do you like games?
I guess so.
Here, I'll take your bag.
We're good. You can go.
Oz, if you need anything,
I'll be right upstairs.
Okay.
Want to check out the games?
So...
what kind of games
do you play with your daddy?
-I don't have a daddy.
-What? Everyone has a daddy.
I don't. I have two mommies.
Well... two mommies can't make a baby.
You know that, right?
(SIGHS) I guess so.
It must be hard,
living with just girls.
I mean, you don't know this,
because you never had a man to look up to.
You know, to teach you things,
to show you how to be a man.
I'm sure your mommies do
the best they can,
but... they're girls.
They don't know what it's like to be you.
Every family is special in their own way.
Happy families are all alike.
Every unhappy family
is unhappy in its own way.
Tolstoy.
Toy Story?
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Come here, Oz. Sit with me.
I'll show you a trick.
I know all about that. Winter showed me.
Well, then you know once we make contact,
I can't lie to you.
-I want to tell you a secret.
-What secret?
(CAR APPROACHES, STOPS OUTSIDE)
(CAR DOORS CLOSE)
(BOTH PANTING)
What?
-Where is he?
-Where's who?
(GRUNTS) You bitch.
-(GASPS)
-Bitch! Where is he?
Where is my son?!
In the basement.
KAI:
If you drink this potion, it'll make you
-immortal.
-Oz.
That's right.
Oz!
No!
KAI:
It's raspberry Kool-Aid. It's sugar free.
-Come on, we're going.
-I want to stay with Daddy.
What did you just say?
-He's not your daddy.
-Yes, he is.
-You can't lie on pinky power.
-It's all right, son. Don't get ups...
He is not your son!
KAI: Are you sure about that?
The Braddon Clinic?
That's where
you got turkey basted, isn't it?
Yeah.
Lesbians love that place.
And I've been a donor there since, well...
Jerking off into a cup there was kind
of my first job after high school.
Isn't that where you got your sperm from?
I've kept close track
of all of my children,
but Oz is special.
There's no way that's true.
Well, we know for sure
you're not the father.
And you have to ask yourself,
who does the kid look more like,
you or me?
Come on, we're leaving.
KAI: Why don't we ask the boy
what he wants to do?
Oz, do you want to stay?
-Yes, Daddy.
-See? The boy wants to stay.
I promised him he could play games,
I promised him he could spend the night.
-Ally, if you let him stay, he'll be fi...
-Be quiet!
You know, this'll give
you two ladies a chance
to get reacquainted after your separation.
Maybe that's a good idea.
Are you out of your mind?
Why are you being so mean?
I'm not being mean, sweetheart.
KAI: You know, no one has to leave.
We could all stay.
Uh, I think... (KISSES)
I think it'll be okay
if Oz spends the night.
-Ivy.
-He'll be fine.
Right?
Absolutely.
Come here, bud.
Yeah.
Let's just go.
Please.
ALLY: Ozzie...
you just behave yourself, okay?
I will.
Wave bye to Mommies.
Bye, Mommies.
Okay.
All right. Wave bye-bye.
We're gonna have so much fun.
(WHISPERS) Ivy. Hey. What did we just do?
We saved our son's life.
By leaving him in there with that psycho?
What choice did we have?
If we had pushed just a little bit more,
he would have killed all of us,
and you know it.
Maybe now we have a chance.
I found that paperwork in the attic.
It doesn't have a picture,
but it has
all the sperm donor's attributes.
I mean, look at this. It's got race, age,
hair color, uh, weight, height,
IQ, m-medical history...
The only it doesn't show
is the propensity to be a psychopath.
All of this
could easily match up with Kai.
And a million other white males.
We have to go to the clinic.
I know they have pictures in their files.
No, Ivy, the important thing
is Kai thinks Oz is his son.
And as long as he believes that,
he's not gonna hurt him.
He's safe now.
What happened to you?
Th... that wasn't enough before.
I know that.
But I've had a chance to think,
and you were absolutely right.
We didn't have a choice.
There is a way to get him back.
The only answer is murder.
That's exactly what I've been thinking.
How would we do it? He has an army.
It's gonna be dangerous,
and we... we can't put Oz at risk.
Ivy, you need to calm down.
It's not good for your health.
Come on. Sit down.
Eat some food. Drink some wine.
I have a plan.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
You cooked?
I put pasta in boiling water,
but it is your sauce.
I did... pick the wine.
That's what we had on our honeymoon.
I've been saving it
for a special occasion.
Tonight?
Tonight we start over.
It's good.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Aren't you eating?
When I was put in the psych ward...
that, uh, very first week inside...
I had thoughts of suicide.
I wanted to end it... so badly. I...
was in so much pain.
I felt completely alone in the world,
and I almost did it.
And then I thought about you...
and how you left me alone in there
without a word.
No visits.
Not even a glimpse of Oz
in all that time.
They told me you were insane.
I was trying to protect our son.
You were trying to take him away from me.
Admit it.
So, in that second week,
I pulled myself together,
pushed those
self-destructive thoughts away
and turned my energy
towards freeing myself
from the fears that paralyzed me.
And it was...
desperately hard.
But then I realized...
that those fears were filling a hole
I had inside me,
and you can't take those fears away
without filling that hole
with something else.
So I chose revenge.
On you.
Ally...
You tried to make me go crazy.
You tried to take my son away.
You let yourself be seduced
by the babysitter.
And worst of all,
you let Kai into our lives.
And I couldn't forgive you for any of it.
But then the thought of revenge...
mmm, mmm, mmm...
that cured me.
(LAUGHS)
You think you're cured?
I wish you were.
Hell, this is the woman
I've always wanted...
strong and assertive,
someone who doesn't cower
at the sight of clowns,
or holes, or blood, or whatever else.
But it's a passing phase, Ally.
You're all bluster and no follow-through.
You'll revert back to what you really are:
a coward.
So... you can dream of revenge,
but I'm not afraid of you.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
You'll never do anything to me.
I already have.
(COUGHING)
I put arsenic in the wine.
And the pasta.
Oz will never forgive you.
No, it's you he won't forgive...
-for abandoning him.
-(GAGGING)
I knew I couldn't trust you,
and I wasn't gonna let you
stand in my way.
(SCREAMS)
(PANTING, HEAVING)
I found my strength, Ivy.
(SCREAMS)
I only want two things in this life...
I want Oz all to myself...
(IVY GAGGING, GASPING)
and I want to watch you die.
Halfway home.
Quickly, quickly, quickly,
quickly, quickly, my children.
You don't know what you've done.
(COUGHING)
(GASPING)
KAI: Everyone thinks that
Jim Jones was a madman.
That he orchestrated a mass suicide.
But the story didn't end there.
(ANGELIC CHOIR SINGING)
(GASPS)
KAI: Jones promised
his followers something more.
Something greater than terrestrial life.
(LAUGHS)
He delivered what only a true messiah can.
He brought them back to life.
And he rewarded the faithful
with warmth, beauty,
happiness...
everlasting love.
That's, like, one of the most
beautiful stories I've ever heard.
But I don't think it's true.
Wikipedia says he died
from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
They found him
with all the other dead people.
His body was cremated.
His ashes were scattered at sea.
So the stuff you said
couldn't have happened.
KAI: Hey, buddy.
Wikipedia is fake news.
I'm the only one you can trust.
I'm the only one who knows the truth.
I know things.
Things other people don't know,
ultimate truths.
That's why we're here.
(LAUGHTER)
And if you start questioning
ultimate truths, well...
where does that get you, Gutterball?
I... I'm gonna go with... punished?
Do you understand now, son?
But it makes no sense.
Why are the families
of the people who died there still sad?
It says they're still trying
to bury the people they lost.
(SCOFFS)
(KAI SHOUTING)
(SINGSONGY) Doubters get no cookies.
Put him in time-out.
No. No!
No!
Please!
Aah!
(OZ SCREAMING)
-Divine Ruler is not available.
-Yeah, I'm here to pick up my son.
-That's not possible right now.
-Not possible?
What the hell are you talking about?
Where is Oz?
Please, Speed Wagon.
I need to see my son.
Look, I don't know where your kid is.
Divine Ruler must have left
with him early this morning.
-Left with him?
-I'm sure he's fine.
Hey!
You tell Kai, dinner at my house tonight.
I'm making Manwiches.
All I'm asking you to do
is show me a photograph
of my son's biological father.
That's it. That's all I need.
Like I said, we never release
identifying information of our donors.
There is nothing that I can do.
Okay.
My son's life depends on this.
Woman to woman,
I am begging you.
Please. Please, help me.
Thank you, um, it is, uh,
patient number X93994.
Now there's something else
you're going to do for me.
Mmm.
I've been dreaming
of your cooking all week.
Will you open the wine, please?
Only for you.
How's my son?
Has he been behaving himself?
Oh, yeah.
He's cute.
Talks a lot.
No filter.
Yeah.
He can be a precocious little fucker.
Well, with a name like Ozymandius,
kid's just begging to get
the shit kicked out of him.
Who came up with that?
I did.
King of kings.
Oh.
The boy is crying out
for order in his life.
Discipline.
That's why he's lucky to have you
as a role model.
Bon appétit.
Yum!
Manwich!
Where's your wife?
She's in the trunk.
I killed her.
(LAUGHS)
Holy shit. Are you serious?
Yeah.
(LAUGHS)
Wow.
I had you all wrong, didn't I?
How'd you do it?
I poisoned her.
How did it feel to watch her die?
Oh, it felt fucking fantastic.
She wanted us to kill you.
Why am I still alive?
A son needs his father.
-So, you finally believe me.
-ALLY: I didn't...
until I got the evidence.
There it is,
in black and white.
You were an easy person to choose.
Athletic...
no diseases...
IQ through the roof.
It's like hitting the genetic jackpot.
Somehow, all those years ago,
I knew you were extraordinary...
without ever meeting you
or even knowing your name.
You were just donor number X93994.
Something about you spoke to me.
-Because this is cosmic,
-(EXHALES)
written in the stars, divine intervention
bringing us together.
Holy shitballs.
I'm fucking awesome.
I literally spoke this into existence.
I'm a daddy.
I'm Oz's real daddy.
We made...
a messiah baby.
This child
is destined for greatness,
like his father.
My son.
Our son.
(ALLY COUGHING)
The bed's for family.
(COUGHING)
(PANTING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
Now we can be a real family.